# SQE-Project

# Tour Management System

## Background
During recent years tourism has become one of the world's largest and most powerful industries. With the expansion in tourism, the application of information technology in that area has also developed rapidly. Traditional management tools usually artificially manage text, icons and pictures, and make decision through these. But, in today's fast-developing environment, traditional management cannot meet the demand of updating speed, and it has significant limitations in saving and data modification,and also data would easily be missing. All the shortcomings can lead to inaccurate information, as a basis for managers and decision makers. Tourism information management systems can be developed to meet these growing needs.A tourist information management system is a product which is required when tourism develops to a certain stage [9]. It allows tourism resources to be effectively managed, offers timely and accurate travel information to travelers, and provides
tourism management departments the basis for tourism planning and decision-making in order to improve their efficiency.

## Purpose

It is essentially software that will assist with golf system teaching. Still, physical lessons or physical coaching sessions are used to educate this game or training. Even though the world has grown significantly, there is still no golf instruction system that can be utilised just using our cell phone's camera. In today's world, golf coaching systems include 8 to 12 cameras for capturing the images of users who wish to get golf instruction or advice. In this approach, one guide is constantly there to provide assistance. These coaching sessions are physically demanding. Our goal is to create software or systems that will provide instruction to folks who are interested in learning more about the pricey game of golf. Our goal is to provide users with the ability to check their motions and body positions, as well as their angle data, within the context of weight or pressure at a particular body part of the user, using weight sensors mounted to the floor where the user will execute or attempt his moves and shorts. The advice given should be accurate. Furthermore, this system will only need 3 to 4 cameras and will be more precise.

Intended Audience and Reading Suggestions
This document is well-written and valuable for all parties involved in the system, including stakeholders, users, developers, documentation writers, project managers, and testers, among others. Marketing personnel and project managers utilise product scope. The documentation authors will benefit from references. Users, project managers, testers, developers, and documentation writers will utilise the overall description section. The developer project managers and testers will need to know about the external interface needs. The remainder of the paper is intended for project managers, documentation writers, testers, and stakeholders.

Product Scope
All of the individuals who want to play golf and all of the people who already play golf are falling under the umbrella of the golf teaching system. It is for both those who are not exceptional and those who are excellent, since humans are not flawless all of the time, and this is true for everyone. Both sorts of people may need the services of a golf guide, and our programme will perform admirably in this capacity. Users of this golf system will act as guides, guiding them through the process of matching their angles with ideal people's angles by looking at various shots of players taken at different angles or after different intervals of video by utilising the tilting and rotating functions of the system. Second, those who are looking for assistance on how to play golf, which is a very costly sport.
