# 1.Performance Requirements

## 1.1 - The system's performance shall have criteria included the condition that the customer request for booking should not take too long to get accepted.

## 1.2 - It shall take around 5 to 10 seconds for the system to generate tour reports or reciept.

## 1.3 - It shall be as if the user gives a trial in front of all cameras and then exits the room to look at the system and open its report, which should be visible to him/her in 4 to 5 seconds, and from there he/she can use the play button to check the video with different functionalities and compare the ideal skeletons with his/her skeletons from the video.

## 1.4- The system shall also be able to provide different instructions for people of different age.

2. Safety Requirements
2.1- The system shall not very complicated, and it doesn't need a lot of hardware that may cause danger, loss, or damage.

2.2- It shall simply consists of a room with cameras and a weight-sensor mat, with no further gear connected to the player that might bother or damage him.

2.3- When a player hits the coulee golf bowl, there shall be a device in place to ensure that it does not rebounce back at the player, potentially injuring him or her.

3. Security Requirements
3.1- The system shall so well-coded that no one could possibly harm any user data or manipulate the system's database, resulting in mistakes and incorrect output, and ultimately, security concerns.

3.2- As a result, there shall be such a mechanism that no one will ever be able to hack it.

4. Software Quality Attributes
4.1- There shall be no errors in the system, all of the users' positions should be collected accurately, their skeletons should be created correctly, and the ideal skeletons should be created correctly using videos of ideal individuals.

4.2- Leaders shall be able to detect no errors in the system and spend less time verifying reports if there is a low error rate and it is feasible, maintainable and unambiguous. After all, we could eliminate the need for a leader or guide from the system.

5. Business Rules
There are just two interface portals in the system.

5.1- The first is for the coach shall accept, refuse, or examine the player's report made by the system.

5.2- The second is for the player shall just view and analyse their report on the LED touch screen by rotating his or her skeleton generated by the stem with the ideal one.
